what's going on everybody it's your boy
he's here got some errands to do today
so I'm making myself a big-ass breakfast
to hold me down until later this evening
one cup kidney beans one cup brown rice
we'll mix them together put it aside I
went ahead and I chopped up a whole
tomato along with some green onions and
what I'm gonna do with this is I'm gonna
transfer it over to a preheated skillet
that I have along with 1 tbsp of some
olive oil and I'm gonna saute everything
for about 2 minutes on a medium-high
temperature I'm also gonna season with
about half a teaspoon of some sea salt
you really don't need that much due to
the fact that those green onions provide
a natural salty flavor
all right after I saute this for those
two minutes I'm gonna go ahead and I'm
gonna add some eggs and then I'll
scramble everything up I'm sure all you
guys know how to make some scrambled
eggs all you gotta do is start right in
in Columbia we call this petticoat all
right and if you've never had scrambled
eggs with green onions and tomatoes with
a little bit of salt you are missing out
because this is slammin it's real
simple to make and trust me it is
delicious
all right and it wouldn't be a Colombian
breakfast without an arepa I've made
these in the past I've made them from
scratch but like I said I got things to
do today so I'm caught up so I went
ahead and I just picked some up from the
store and I just put it on my little
countertop grill
went to work and this is what my what my
plate looks like I'll put the macro down
below this is how Colombians get down
and of course got myself a cup of coffee
to complete the breakfast right guys I'm
about to get out of here y'all be good
all the dead